---

---

## Explain the basics of what is in a cloud formation template and the order these things should be in

AWS CloudFormation templates are JSON or YAML-formatted text files that describe the AWS resources and infrastructure you want to deploy in your cloud environment. These templates can include a variety of elements, including:

* Parameters: These are input values that can be specified when you create or update a CloudFormation stack. Parameters can be used to customize your stack for specific use cases, such as specifying the number of instances to launch, the instance type, and the Amazon Machine Image (AMI) ID.

* Resources: These are the AWS resources that you want to deploy using your CloudFormation template, such as EC2 instances, RDS databases, S3 buckets, and more. Each resource is defined by a resource type, which specifies the AWS service and resource type, and a set of properties that define the resource's configuration.

* Outputs: These are values that are generated by your CloudFormation stack, such as the IP address of an EC2 instance or the endpoint of an S3 bucket. Outputs can be used by other stacks or services to reference the resources in your CloudFormation stack.

* Conditions: These are optional statements that define conditional logic in your CloudFormation template. Conditions can be used to control the creation of resources based on the value of a parameter or the presence of another resource.

* Mappings: These are optional data structures that can be used to define key-value pairs that are used to lookup other values in your CloudFormation template.

The order in which these elements should be defined in your CloudFormation template can vary depending on your specific use case, but a common order is as follows:

* Parameters
* Mappings (if used)
* Conditions (if used)
* Resources
* Outputs

By following this order, you can ensure that your CloudFormation template is well-organized and easy to understand, and that your resources are created in the correct order with the correct configuration.

